# DBMS_UPass
Project details  The project is to develop and document a data model for representing entities and relationships in this multi-pass wallet application, provide DDL for creating the tables, DML for editing entries in the tables, and DQL for making commonly used queries to retrieve information about the wallet the rides, the guests, and the attractions.  The data model for this project is based on the idea of a park guest, a UPass wallet with a maximum number of passes available, a set of UPasses in the wallet, a set of attractions, and a limit on the number of UPasses available per hour, for the attraction.  Attraction is an attraction in the park for which a guest may request a UPass.The attraction includes an attraction name, a gensym attractionID, and the number of UPasses available per hour for the attraction. The attraction also has boolean status indicating whether it is up or down for the day. If the attraction goes down for the day, all UPasses for the attraction are cancelled.  Guest is a guest at the amusement park. The guest. information includes a customer name, and a gensym guestID. The information is entered by the amusement park when the customer buys a ticket. If a guest is deleted, his or her wallet is also deleted  Wallet is a UPass wallet that is identified with a guest. The wallet is created by the amusement park when the guest purchases UPass. The wallet uses a gensym guestID to tie the wallet to the guest. The wallet has a visit date because the guest must pay again for each day the wallet is active. The wallet also has a maximum number of passes allowed in the wallet, and a maximum number of passes per hour. If the wallet is deleted, all UPasses are also deleted.  UPass is a timed entry ticket for an attraction in a given wallet. The ticket includes the walletID, the attractionID, the issue time, and the entry time. A new UPass cannot be issued if it would exceed the maximum number of passes for the wallet or the maximum number of passes per hour, or if the attraction is down for the day. It also cannot be issued if entry is not possible in the same day. The time of a new UPass can be computed based on the latest time for which a pass has been allocated for the attraction, and the number of passes per hour that are availble for the attraction. Entry times are evenly spaced within the hour. When a UPass is deleted, the wallet may be able to accept an additional UPass.


I couldn't create a function for checking cuurent time and issuing an upass based on time constraints.Any help to make it happen would be greatly appreciated
